---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

#### What did you do this past week?

Not much, academically. On Wednesday I headed home to Houston to spend some time with my family for my birthday, and on Sat/Sun I went to San Antonio for the comic con and also Six Flags. While I was in Houston I attended an exhibition called Emperor's Treasures at the Museum of Fine Arts, which was incredibly interesting, since the items exhibited were objects that used to be in the Forbidden City (in Beijing), but had to be moved multiple times during the Japanese invasion in the 30's and eventually ended up in Taipei, and they were never returned and instead put on exhibit at the Taipei National Palace Museum. So for someone from Mainland China like me, this was a pretty rare chance to see some objects important to my heritage.

#### What will you do next week?

Now that my relaxing and escaping from reality is over, I'll have to start picking up the pace and make up for all the lost time. And there's quite a bit to make up for. I should probably also do more interview prep.

#### What's in your way? 

A lack of motivation, mostly, and laziness. Just thinking about all the things I need to do overwhelms me and destroys any motivation I have. It's a hard problem to fix, but hopefully I'll realize how important my current tasks are and, excuse my French, get off my ass and start doing stuff.

#### Actual Blog Content

I've always sort of looked down on companies like Pariveda because they sort of occupy the space of "servants", in the sense that they are not being innovators like Google or all the start ups around town, but rather just following their client's orders. Part of why I love Computer Science is the potential to be at the frontier of technology, to have a hand in shaping what the future is like. Unfortunately companies like Pariveda would not be able to fulfill that desire. Great memes, though. I love how people giving talks are now trying to be that "cool" guy.

#### Tip of the Week

UTCS has this great thing called Lean In Circles where a group of students meet once in a while and talk about things on their minds and help keep each other on track. It's a great way to meet new people in UTCS and find some support in a college life that can often seem overwhelming. Pretty sure applications for next semester are not out yet, but keep an eye out!
