---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

#### What did you do this past week?

First week of school is always confusing and a little surreal. I spent the first week mulling over my course schedule and making more changes than I probably should have. Adding OOP was a bit of a last minute decision. I'd taken Software Engineering a year ago, and although that class royally kicked my butt, it was probably the most "useful" class I'd taken to date, so I figured OOP would do the same to my hireability and resume.

#### What's in your way?

I'm having to make a lot of decisions on whether or not 15 hours of class plus a part time job is something that I can handle. My biggest concern is that all my classes are very project heavy (this class, 3D modeling, and Game Technology, all of which have ~5 projects throughout the semester), and I also have projects in my part time job.

#### What will you do next week?
I will have to make a final decision on whether or not to keep my current course schedule as is, or drop a class to make my workload easier.

#### Actual blog content

From the first day of class my fears that the class will actually teach me new things were realized. I've been using C++ for about a year now, and Java for something like 8, but I had always thought that "import" and "include" were the same things -- they're in the same place in code, and heck, they also look similar. Thanks to Professor Downing the actual meaning of those keywords were revealed to me. 

#### P.S Tip of the Week
I found out about a browser game accessible through [idiots.win](http://idiots.win). Brilliantly simple, yet hilarious. Truly a work of genius.
