---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

#### What did you do this past week?

I went to the clinic for the first time in a couple of months and found out I have a mysterious ear infection with no known origin, as well as high blood pressure. Turns out stress is a real thing and it *can* actually affect you physically! Who knew.

More importantly, I managed to pass a Google phone interview and was offered an onsite interview. You guys have no idea how excited I was. *No* idea. I was in the middle of working on the Allocator project with my partner when I got the call and I had to stop and tell my mom my dad my cats my 5 friends and make a trip to my family's cemetary and tell my ancestors. No, not really. But I was pretty stoked.

#### What's in your way?

Google on site interview's a pretty big deal, at least to me. But I also had a pretty rude awakening on Thursday when I had a Facebook phone interview during which I knew absolutely *nothing* and spent 45 minutes "uhh"-ing and "umm"-ing and not producing any satisfying results. Thanks to that I realized that I still don't know enough to have confidence in my probability of success. Obviously that means I need to study coding problems more, right? Yes...until I remember all the projects I have due in the next 2 weeks. Not to mention my 21st birthday.

It's gonna be a mess.

#### What will you do next week?

Celebrate my 21st! Ignore all responsibilities!
No but really. I bought tickets for the Alamo City Comic Con already and I swear to *god* I will forget about *all* of you and spend a weekend enjoying myself and meeting Charlie Cox.
Before that though, I should probably finish up a Game Tech project, get started on the Darwin project for this class, and register for classes.

#### Actual Blog Content

Is it just me, or am I getting cold called in class more often now? It's almost as if...Downing read my previous blog post about not really being called on...and decided to set up his game. Nah...that can't be the case.

Ok, I'll be more serious. I always love vectors. Vectors are the one redeeming quality about C++. But I never stopped to think about the cost that comes with having a more malleable and convenient data structure. While it makes sense on the macro scale to have a data structure that can be any size, it gets a lot more complicated when you look at the actual memory allocation. Hopefully what we're doing in class isn't the actual implementation of the vector structure in C++, because if you had to delete the underlying array and make a new one every time the programmer wants to push_back to a vector that is already full, that gets expensive. At least I would think.

#### Tip of the Week

Sweet potatoes are incredibly versatile. You can serve it as a sweet desert, or add some salt and chili powder and serve it as a dish, or (this is my favorite) give it a generous amount of cinnamon sugar and fry the heck out of it. You can also put some ginger powder and brown sugar for a little more unusual taste, but -- and here's the tip -- don't over ginger it, or the taste of ginger will be the only thing you dream about for weeks. If you do happen to, just add more sugar and hope that it will turn out for the best.
